hey everybody this is okie bastards
lucky enough Chris or doing a little
bank fishing today in buckhead ridge in
the canal we're going to see what we can
get out of the canal here are a fishing
along the seawall Chris just had to grab
at it I'm gonna call so you can see
Chris fishing we don't have our canoe
right now our other boat available so
we're enjoying the Thanksgiving meal
over here in buckhead Ridge with the mic
is family and trying to catch some bass
over here
but Chris decision is jerkbait
right up underneath the water tower here
he's only had one grab at it we just had
a bass boat goodbye we'll get back with
you all lets you see which one he
catches this is a fish in the jerk bait
along the seawall here got one Chris ya
on that spinner bait big one cool
here hold on yeah that's a good one
buckhead is that yep
what was that Chris what'd you say to me
I'll say you got to catch up that's one
up you and your Christmas shirt on here
bite me this is got one second one of
the day off the dock and hand can't see
anything using my babe right shake it
hey well I'm getting schooled by my son
again on the shaky at number two off the
dock this is three baths for Chris
already and I haven't even caught one
yet
the same fish I swear what do you fish
my first hey kitty kitty I'm out
Prescott all the fish go to him not me
that's Chris right there the Boy Wonder
we can't get across to that boat ramps
IV was that one no I tried to stop
myself oh they're all in here though I'd
fish along this edge here
right here in buckhead along a highway
fishing here we could probably walk
along the road yeah me time we see an
opening like this we could fish the
docks and stuff that's that's that's a
legal iron yeah I'm trying to experiment
across that movie Oh spin rate you're
going to switch up Chris okay can we get
a head count already when he got going
on there three fish was a good cast all
the way across
well we got to ask the neighbors that we
come over here the doc and before I
could even add done talking the neighbor
Chris caught another one number four
turtle right here
let me go now Chris
now for still three on the shake head
and one on the hey mister photo
just checking you out
you